# hello-world My repo will help organize inputs from many projects that Symbotix will contibute to. It will be my hub to branch from and also main location for content. 

"what is the simple/straight forward messaging for us if our two teams were sitting in front of payer, provider, life science CIO or VP. I think we are going to start with 'payers but will consider options/targets when we do our deeper exploration together"  
 
 INITIAL ANSWER (CIO/CTO/Chief Digital Officer messaging):
Data integration and interoperability is at the core of most obstacles related to advancing healthcare initiatives: new operating models, new prod/services launch, new markets, partnerships/ecosystems, new care delivery models, understanding and adjusting (in real time) utilization trends in context with value-based arrangements, real-world evidence/accelerating clinical trials, operational cost containment, agile development initiatives, optimizing cloud compute and network for elastic services and hybrid operational support....on and on. 
 
Most healthcare orgs with sophisticated IT groups understand WHAT needs to be done - but are slowed/hampered by legacy/tech debt and or vendor-lockin - causing much of the IT operating budget to be stuck in fixed/sunk costs just maintaining the legacy infra. 
 
The LinuxForHealth open-source horizontal platform for enterprise compute is rich with an open, simplified, yet very powerful and extensible middleware stack. Fueled by a pre-configured components (using tools from the RHEL & Red Hat middleware software along with Code from the labs @IBM Watson Health referred as LinuxForHealth serves as a kernel for leveraging and building off an interoperable API-connector hub that handles ingestion and intelligent routing of all HC standard protocols as well as tech-industry standards (see more at the GIT docs: https://linuxforhealth.github.io/docs/devcelop/extend.html  for additional info).    
 
All this as part of your enablement of a digital transformation journey, that facilitates business adoption (within your enterprise and or supply chain) and assimilation/extension of solutions emanating from the IT function. It sets the entire organization on waves of predictable frequencies of digital advancements and creation of enterprise capabilities.
First step (in the series of ascending steps accretive to a future vision) is IT Modernization. Where Symbotix software and services in conjunction with your services teams can reduce your costs, improve your agility, and set the tone for a comprehensive digitization of your enterprise for competitive advantage. AND because it is all OPEN - future proofs your IT operating model and tech stack going forward - no more vendor lock in.
